docs: clarify IP forwarding sysctl scope (#45159)
cilium-team/cilium: Documentation/network/concepts/routing.rst

have emitted the packet. As a result, the network connecting the cluster nodes
must be capable of routing PodCIDRs.

When native routing is configured, Cilium enables IP forwarding in the Linux
kernel. These are host-wide sysctls on the node, not a per-routing-mode
toggle. They persist across routing mode changes until explicitly

> reconfigured.

Reviewer: hey @mark-liu thanks for adding these!

> When native routing is configured, Cilium enables IP forwarding in the Linux
kernel. These are host-wide sysctls on the node, not a per-routing-mode
toggle ...

So i am clear here. Reading this, it still reads as though certain sysctls (for example https://github.com/cilium/cilium/blob/51a7c10d052cfb438791b8ec71bd1f29feb22008/pkg/datapath/iptables/sysctl_linux.go#L10-L15) are only enabled in routing mode. But `enableIPForwarding` seems to be triggered in tunnel mode as well. Meaning sys admins must leave certain sysctls "as-is" (delegate to cilium agent) in either routing or tunnel mode?

have emitted the packet. As a result, the network connecting the cluster nodes
must be capable of routing PodCIDRs.

> Cilium enables IP forwarding in the Linux kernel through the iptables manager,
> which runs in both native and tunnel (encapsulation) routing modes. The

Reviewer 2: It's unnecessary to mention the modes or the "iptables manager" (which is completely an implementation detail, sysctls are not directly related to iptables).
```suggestion
Cilium automatically enables IP forwarding in the Linux kernel. The
```

> sysctls set are ``net.ipv4.ip_forward``, ``net.ipv4.conf.all.forwarding`` and,
> when IPv6 is enabled, ``net.ipv6.conf.all.forwarding``. These are host-wide

Reviewer 2: Unnecessary to break up the list for conditionals; it's an implementation detail whether Cilium sets these based on enablement of IPv4 or IPv6 options.

```suggestion
sysctls set are ``net.ipv4.ip_forward``, ``net.ipv4.conf.all.forwarding`` and ``net.ipv6.conf.all.forwarding``. These are host-wide
```

> settings on the node, not per-routing-mode toggles. They persist across

Reviewer 2: I don't know what per-routing-mode toggles are supposed to be, but it seems like unnecessary extra information.
```suggestion
settings on the node. They persist across
```

> settings on the node, not per-routing-mode toggles. They persist across
> routing mode changes until explicitly reconfigured, so operators should leave
> them set by Cilium rather than overriding them.

Reviewer 2: Change "operators should ..." to more direct speech ("Do X" / "Do not Y"), per the docs guidelines:
```suggestion
settings on the node. Do not reconfigure these options. If you reconfigure
them, then it may disrupt traffic passing through the node. 
```
